well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so Secretary Navy's out outgoing
secretary of Navy I guess now and there
is a little bit of a discrepancy as to
why the administration says that his
public statements did not match his
private actions and I can see that as
being important from this administration
that has always been so truthful and
transparent they're very keen on such
things and they wouldn't want anything
to jeopardize that stellar reputation
that they have this is completely
believable he tells a different story he
says I cannot in good conscience obey an
order that I believe violates the sacred
oath I took in the presence of my family
my flag in my faith to support and
defend the Constitution of the United
States and this is interesting this
discrepancy is probably worth looking
into for historical sync but it's moot
doesn't matter anymore
the reason these Admirals took this
stand it was because they were worried
about good order and discipline that's
what they were worried about they're
worried about the message that was sent
when the president the commander in
chief interfered and if you believe it
was justified use whatever term you want
to use in in these proceedings they were
worried the message it was gonna send
they were worried how the rank-and-file
troops were gonna see it but that
doesn't matter anymore
it really doesn't four hours ago
the President of the United States the
commander in chief tweeted I was not
pleased with the way that Navy SEAL
Eddie Gallagher's trial was handled by
the Navy he was treated very badly but
despite this was exonerated on all major
charges I mean yeah I guess in a
relative sense that's true I mean when
you're comparing things to murder I mean
yeah everything else seems kind of minor
the reality is he was found to have
with an enemy prisoners corpse it's not
a major thing not a big deal not even
worthy of a demotion and I know there
might be some people saying well is it a
big deal those feathers you're taking
for bragging rights they're shown around
eventually they get out and when they do
they create propaganda for the
opposition look what they did
crystallize is that the fighters
crystallizes their resolve you don't end
up like that you better fight harder the
local populace when they see that what
do they think do they side with their
countrymen or do they side with the
people posing with a teen
the thing is it's not the Secretary of
Defense it's not the commander-in-chief
that has to deal with the fallout from
that tweet because this one out to
everybody because the president the
commander in chief gives orders via
tweet everybody saw this every country
they're now all aware of it and yeah
sure somebody's gonna say well you know
they were doing it already yeah some of
them were now all of them well we
lowered the bar we can't pretend that
we're different can't pretend we have a
moral high ground it's going to be very
hard to run counterinsurgency operations
now it's gonna be hard to gain the
support of local populace because hey
it's not a big deal and I know there
might be somebody saying is there really
that much psychology there's really plan
to that much yeah it does if you don't
believe me how did you feel when the
enemy prisoner that was killed and a
knife was used was an American in an
orange jumpsuit how did you feel about
those photos
that it altered your perception change
the way you looked at things it'll
happen
it won't happen so yeah while the
discrepancy is interesting it doesn't
matter the standard has been set this
isn't a big deal
no demotion not that not even I didn't
go bounce you out of the unit one guy
one guy has done more damage to this
country's moral compass than any other
president in history anyway it's just a
thought now I have a good night